Li Yiyuan, chief disciple of Xuanyi Palace
Where is my opponent?
Contestant No. 80 please take the stage to compete
Original disciple Yan Pian Xian He Zai
Why don't you compete on stage?
If the period passes
Those who have not yet appeared on stage
It will be regarded as an automatic waiver of eligibility for the competition
Liyuan will automatically advance
Well, not as good as 100 west
Why 10 West
I'm afraid it's not enough for him to escape
100 West is more than enough
Hahahaha
I heard that my opponent this time is Yuan Men
Emerging genius
But now
He didn't even dare to go on stage.
I think the genius of this round gate is nothing more than that
And the clock is ticking down.
198 7 Yan Tianxian
If you are afraid
You can directly shout three times Yuan Men must have its watch
Or kneel down and beg for mercy
I can spare your life in this ring
If you are like a lost dog
He ran with his tail between his legs.
I will look down on you for the rest of my life
Time's up.
Original door leaf partial automatic air plug
Liyuanhara Gate
Ye Pian is here first